[THEME MUSIC]
>>So let's talk for a moment
here about the journey
that we're all on.
I subtitled this "Earth
is a Rehab Planet,"
because we're all here
to learn something.
And as I expressed
earlier, I think
we're all here to learn how
to become beings of greater
love as opposed to fear.
This is one of my
favorite frescoes.
It's from Italy.
I call it "The
Bridge to Eternity."
It shows a group
of people here that
are in various stages of
ascension, and all of us
are somewhere in this
picture, I believe.
Likely, we're past
these guys here,
who are just beginning
their journey, who
are beginning to scale the
ladder, who are beginning
to raise their frequency.
And they're turning
back to their loved ones
and saying, hey, I'm
going to Nashville.
What?
Going to Nashville to do what?
Talk about stargates and
wormholes and transfiguration?
Come on.
Well, we all said
goodbye to our friends,
and now we're on our
journey, and we're
helping one another along here.
That's why these
events to me are
so special, is because
we're all in this together.
I love that
Hollywood expression,
"nobody knows nothing."
Nobody knows nothing.
What that means in
Hollywood is nobody knows
what movie is going to work.
You just gotta do it, right?
William Goldman said that.
He was one of the great
Hollywood screenwriters.
I took that and
modified it and said,
everybody knows something.
I've got a little piece,
you've got a little piece,
we're all coming together
to make this work
and helping each other across.
That's me right there,
showing my ass to everybody.
I'm just about halfway across.
I don't know, why are
you listening to me?
I'm trying to get myself
upright here, right?
Something like that.
But we all do become upright.
We become upright,
we become immovable.
We become these beings who
are capable of stabilizing
this frequency of love
and bliss within us.
And what that
enables us to do is
to reach out and get that
and that's on the other side.
We all know that
that hand is there.
We need to reach out to it and
bring that higher energy in,
because that's what helps
us get across this bridge,
but ultimately helps us to
fulfill our destiny as well.
My favorite guy in this painting
are these guys down here.
This guy down here on the bottom
left who's just looking up,
going, thank you, thank you.
I don't have to go back.
I made it, I did it.
I got the interview, I got the
job, I'm on the other side.
I'm ready to commence
my next level of work.
And as we all know, the
work that we're doing,
the ladder we're scaling
is the stairway to heaven.
It's a journey back to the
stars, back to the place
that we came from.
One of these
hundreds of billions
of galaxies that exist within
the known universe, which
is about 10%, we believe, of
what is actually out there.
Maybe one of these galaxies is
actually home for some of us
here.
Who knows, but we're living
in such a blessed time
to be able to perceive
these galaxies at this time,
and I believe are
we perceive them
because we know
we came from them,
and we're ultimately
returning to these places,
and we're working together
to gather that knowledge
and return to the stars.
My first book was called
"Junior Cosmic Egg."
It looks like I drew
that in first grade,
but actually I drew this
when I was about 30.
I had read Raymond Moody's
book on the interlife,
and it prompted me to ask.
It's like, where do I
go in between lifetimes?
Where do we spend our interlife?
And I came up with the
story of a cosmic egg named
Junior who wanted to grow up
to become his own universe.
This is junior's
parents, Benny and Holly.
Benny was part of the
greatest rock and roll
band ever in the universe.
He and his band
travelled throughout,
rocking the universe.
And then Benny met Holly,
and it was all over with.
Quit the band,
moved to Manhattan,
decided what he wanted to do
was just raise a cosmic egg.
So Benny and Holly waited
beside the river of life.
All the galaxies went
flying by, and they
waited and waited until one day
came the time for the green ray
to emerge.
Junior went through the
stargate, the wormhole,
and was finally born.
Junior Cosmic Egg
started his quest
to become his own universe.
And that archetypal drama,
that's the one that all of us
are on.
So we're all on this
journey of perfection.
We're all cosmic eggs who want
to become our own universe.
To me, one of the
most valuable things
I ever learned in my
mythological study
comes from Joseph Campbell.
He had gone into
the ancient myths
and came up with this list
of the 12 step process
that we all undergo as
we begin our journey
and ultimately end with the
celebration and perfection.
This is 12 steps.
That's why I call
Earth a rehab planet.
We all begin with the one, the
pure place, with the source,
with the mother.
But we can't stay there, because
our soul gets to the call
to adventure.
In order for our soul's growth,
we have to leave the one
and come out into the
world, into the universe,
to grow as beings.
So we get that
call to adventure,
and then we select our missions.
We work with our
guides, or higher self,
and select the mission.
What do we hope to accomplish
in a particular incarnation
or incarnations?
Then we cross the threshold.
It could be a journey
across the galaxy,
and then we experience
a period of incubation
in the birth portal.
After we're born, after we
leave our mother's womb,
welcome to the Earth
School of Ascension,
which I call Stargate U, because
that's what it's all about.
Where we encounter tests
and allies and enemies,
all designed to help
us to perfect ourselves
and achieve our soul's
ultimate capability.
At some point, we
enter the inmost cave.
Which be a room like this, a
cave-like room where we're all
looking at images
on the screen here,
bringing those images into us.
Ultimately, we all experience
the supreme ordeal.
That usually happens after
you leave this event.
People ask you, what did
William Henry have to say?
Oh, I don't know.
He talked about this and this.
It's the supreme ordeal,
explaining what we all
went through this weekend.
But then we get the reward.
We start to think about it.
Things start to sink in.
Before we know it, we're
putting new pieces together,
having a higher understanding.
We get the reward
from that return,
and that's when we
experience the celebration.
And ultimately what
we're looking for
is the ultimate celebration
known as the perfection, where
we finally perfect ourselves.
The 12 labors of Hercules
are another manifestation
of this journey that
we all must accomplish.
Various mythological
systems talk about this.
I want to interject a little
bit of Jordan Maxwell.
This is Jordan and I
at the Great Pyramid.
Jordan had done some amazing
work on the ancient esoteric
or occult secrets of
commerce and how they relate
to this concept of sovereignty.
What Jordan discovered is that
we're all fish out of water,
and he found that the metaphor
of the soul as a fish out
of water is carried
over into what
is called the law of the
sea, the manufactured
law or manufacturer's law
of the waters or the sea.
It's also called maritime law.
And as Jordan describes, this
is opposed to natural law.
Natural law is what
goes up must come down.
And superimposed over our
reality is this maritime law.
And here's how it works,
according to Jordan.
He notes that all ships,
from sailing two rocket,
are considered to be female.
The mother in this scheme
is the merchant vessel.
This, for example, is when
Mary is called the Ark.
She delivers the cargo, the
goods, the God, the living God,
or the goods, Jesus.
The instant the mother's
water breaks in the delivery
room, notes Jordan, and her
cargo descends the birth
canal, the newborn baby--
the newly manifested body,
or cargo-- comes
under the jurisdiction
of earthly maritime law.
And waiting for that cargo in
the delivery room, the birth,
or the doctor, is a
state-licensed doctor
who examines the manifest
being and certifies live birth.
As Jordan describes
it, this is sort
of like when a ship
comes into port,
you've got a guy
there that's waiting
to examine that ship,
take a look at its cargo,
writes a manifest.
Same thing happens when
we enter into this world.
A doctor is waiting, and a
certificate of live birth,
or manifest, is
written itemizing
the details of the
docking at the birth,
as well as the condition of
the cargo for presentation
to officials.
How much does it
weigh, how long is it,
is it male or female,
and also it asks what is
the occupation of the parents.
Well, who cares what the
occupation parents are?
Well, these people
care, because this
is all about commerce for them.
And they view our body as
a manufactured product that
is, in fact, owned by somebody.
It's called a
manifest, notes Jordan,
because the ship that
brought it in appeared.
It wasn't there
the night before.
It manifested in the morning,
so they call it a manifest.
It's the same thing when the
baby comes into the world.
We manifest in this world.
The human body is considered an
energy vessel, like a battery.
Energy is stored
in our fat cells.
It's emitted from her heart in
the form of emotional energy.
There's also fear energy
that comes from our body,
and this is the key point here.
Manifestation of this
liquid crystal standing
wave that is the human
biological transformational
apparatus is strictly
regulated on Earth,
since we're deemed to be
owned property by somebody.
They own us, they regulate
what goes in our mouth
and what comes out of our body.
The reason why I can't say shit,
piss, fuck, cock, cocksucker,
motherfucker, or asshole
on the radio or TV
is because they all refer
to the excretory functions
of our body.
God forbid we start talking
about that in public,
because then we're just
one step away from talking
about the secretory functions
of the pineal gland.
We're starting to think
of our body as capable
of manufacturing stuff.
And that is taboo
in our society,
and this is why, because
you've got to really believe
that your body is a filthy,
disgusting piece of garbage
that's got to be
deodorized, it's
got to be cleansed and
purified in a certain way,
and only certain things
can go in your mouth
or come out of your mouth.
Everything is tightly
regulated, and the reason why
is because ultimately the
people who are regulating it
know about the energy
capabilities of this body
and what it is truly
capable of doing,
and it must therefore
be controlled.
And you must be, from the
time you're this high,
told that this
body serves really
no function from a higher
spiritual perspective
whatsoever.
As a matter of fact,
everything that
comes out of the front of
your body is consider holy.
If it comes out of the back
of your body, it's waste.
You don't want to
worry about it.
The toll.
Earth's monetary
system is based on
this ancient esoteric
concept of the human body
as an energy system or a
device, a manufacturing plant
capable of manufacturing
incredible oils
and secretions that can, in
fact, transmute the body.
As Jordan notes,
the entire system
is set up to
extract money, which
is energy, which is current
or currency from your body.
And this is what
we used such terms
as are you current
with your bills.
It's because it's all based
on the electrical nature
of our body and the principle
that our body is a manufactured
item that is controlled
and regulated,
and is being, in fact,
harvested by a group of beings.
The Church, Jordan notes,
is also under this system.
This explains why Christianity
is divided into denominations.
Five, tens, fifties,
twenties, hundreds, Lutherans,
Episcopalians, yada,
yada, yada, There's
over 300 denominations
of Christianity.
What is money?
Money is energy.
Where did the symbol
for money come from?
The symbol for money
ultimately came
from Moses, who lifted
the serpent with the rod.
It's also a Gnostic symbol.
The Gnostics used the symbol
of the serpent winding its way
up the pillar as the symbol for
Christ, the ultimate energy,
the highest spiritual energy.
This symbol is now demonized.
That's demonized, but
that is a good symbol.
You want to worship
this, but don't dare talk
about worshiping Christ
as a serpent of energy
or as a higher vibration.
This is taboo.
This is our God.
It should be the
other way around.
Somebody switched it.
To the ancient
Egyptians, the body
is a receiver or
transmitter of Sekhem,
or life force
energy, the exousia.
And this is the concept
that we've gotten away from.
Someone has stepped in and
manipulated this system,
and understands that this body
is a receiver and a transmitter
that can transmit fear energy.
And the theory that we're
going to develop here
is that there is a race of
beings that harvest this fear
energy from our
bodies, and who knows,
they might sell it
like crack cocaine
in regions of the galaxy where
fear simply doesn't exist.
You've heard Alex
Jones another's
talk about Earth as a plantation
planet, as a fear farm,
and that's exactly playing
into this scenario here,
and this is the research that
Jordan began a long time ago.
And what I'm trying
to do is take it now
and say that's a basic
platform for this,
but there's a whole
'nother dynamic to this,
and that's what we're
going to look at now.
>>And a transition of it.
>>Pardon me?
>>And a transition of it, yeah.
So when you go to each,
you see over and over
again depictions of the body
that resemble of a battery.
This is a body in a
Tet pillar as it's
called, a power pillar with two
angels on either side that are
beaming energy to that figure.
This is actually a
representation of Osiris.
When Osiris is raised, he is
shown inside the Tet pillar.
And what's intriguing about this
is that in various symbol books
you'll be shown that the four
cross bars of the Tet pillar
are equivalent to
the floor cross
bars of the Christian cross,
which is very interesting.
This is how the Egyptians
thought of the body.
Fully functioning body had
the Tet, or powerful pillar,
the key of life,
and was connected
to the source of light.
That's our goal, is to
unite male and female
and be one with the
light, be a transmitter
or receiver of the highest
possible frequency.
By the way, each
human cell is said
to have about 1.7 volts
of electrical potential.
Multiply this by the
estimated one quadrillion
cells in the human body, and
the total electrical potential
of the human body equals
about 1.7 quadrillions volts.
That's a lot of energy.
If this potential was
tapped simultaneously,
coherently, it could
create a brilliant flash
of light, which might be one
of the explanations for how
the image on the Shroud of
Turin which was created, when
a man coherently
raised his vibration
and beamed himself
through that linen shroud.
Jesus and Mary Magdalene
talked extensively
about this predicament.
Extensively.
In the Hypostasis
of the Archons,
for example, one of
the Gnostic gospels
that was found at
Nag Hammadi, which
is within walking
distance of Abydos,
we learned that the evil archons
clothed man in a material
body, a casket, or a tomb.
They contrived to keep Adam and
Eve, along with their divine
sparks or particles,
trapped in matter,
enslaved forever in the
wheel of reincarnation,
or reincarceration, as
tillers of the Garden of Eden.
Various Gnostic
scholars like John Lash
believe that these images
that are in the Iraqi National
Museum, which bear great
resemblance to what
we think of as reptilians,
actually representations
are the archons.
These statues are
5,000 years old.
I found it interesting
that after we looted
the Iraqi National
Museum and they finally
put their website back up, these
were the first images that they
put back up on their site.
It's like, hmm, there's
a message there.
In the First
Apocalypse of James,
Jesus says the archons are
like toll collectors who
seek to take by theft
our divine spark.
Some believe that "by
theft" has something
to do with alien abduction.
I think that's a
good possibility.
They are not entirely
alien, says Jesus.
They are from
Achamoth, and these she
produced as she brought down the
race from the Pre-Existent One.
The Pre-Existent
One is another word
for the Adamantine Reality.
So then Jesus concludes by
saying they're not alien,
but they're ours, leading
to the interpretation
that these beings are
kind of like our cousins.
They've gone a little bit crazy.
They're jealous of us.
We have a divine
spark, they don't, they
want to take ours by theft.
So they've contrived this
whole system in order
to harvest this energy
from us along the way.
These archons were later
transformed into the devils
by the Church.
And you see these guys are kind
of reptilian-looking, really
kind of interesting-looking
depictions.
This is Saint Michael
with the dragon.
And they present them as
quite scary-looking beings,
as a matter of fact.
Very, again, reptilian-looking.
And you see why I'm
talking about David Icke
kind of paranoia here.
There's more to it than this.
Jane Schaberg was a professor
of religious studies--
is a professor of Religious
Studies and Women's Studies
at the University
of Detroit Mercy,
and she provides one of the
most interesting insights
into Mary Magdalene in
her book "The Resurrection
of Mary Magdalene."
She notes that Migdol or
Magdala has a very high place
in women's mystical a literary
traditions for its connections
to the Daughters of
Job who lived there.
Specifically, she says
Magdala was involved
with Merkabah mysticism.
And the way I interpret this,
it's kind of like saying Alice
was from Wonderland today.
If I tell you that if
Alice is from Wonderland,
you automatically get
the idea that she's
from an other-dimensional
realm, or she
knows how to toggle back and
forth between the worlds.
At the time of Jesus and Mary
Magdalene, all they had to say
was that she was
from Magdala, and it
was understood that that
was a school or a place
where Merkabah
mysticism was taught
and very well understood.
In this Testament of Job is
some very interesting references
to the archons.
It says that in
all the land, there
were no women as beautiful
as Job's daughters.
Dove, Cinnamon, and
the Horn of Kohl
were the meanings
of their names.
These three daughters had an
extraordinary experience when
their father Job was dying.
He called his daughter
to his death bed
and said, take the signet
ring, go to the chamber,
and bring me three
golden boxes so that I
may give you an inheritance.
And she went away
and brought them,
and he opened them up and
brought forth three bands,
three rays, shimmering so
that no man could describe
their form, since they are not
from Earth, but from heaven,
flashing with bright sparks
like rays of the sun.
What where these three bands,
these three shimmering rings?
One of Job's daughters
complains of this
isn't much by way
of an inheritance.
We won't be able to sustain
our life from them, will we?
Job's response is
really incredible.
He says, "Not only will you
sustain life from these three
bands, but they will also
lead you into the better world
to live in the heavens."
So remember the three
stars, the three rays
that we've been looking at
in various symbolism here?
That's what I think
we're talking about here.
In fact, according
to Job, the Lord
had given him these three cords.
When Day, his first
daughter, put on the cord,
she went out of her body.
She put out a new
heart and never
again cared for earthly things.
Then she sang angelic hymns
in the language of the angels.
Her sister's heart
was also transformed
the moment she put on this
sash, or cord, or ray.
She too no longer wished
for worldly things,
and when she opened
her mouth, she suddenly
spoke the language of the
rulers, of the archons.
The Hypostasis of
the Archons again
says that these archons
are our not enemy,
but they're here to test us.
We're here to learn about these
guys so that we can evade them,
because they want to take
this divine spark from us.
What happens when the
third daughter puts
on the band is her
heart is changed,
she goes out of her
body, and she too
learns the language
of the archons.
And the idea here is
that Mary Magdalene,
as a child of Magdala,
one of these women
who knew the Merkabah
mysticism, must have
known all of those things, too.
That's what we're asked
to infer from this.
So we go to the
gospel of Philip,
we have another
conversation presented here,
another of the Gnostic gospels
and other Nag Hammadi scrolls,
and it says, the Archons
wanted to fool us,
since they saw we were
connected with the good.
They took the names of the good
and gave to them the not good.
Excuse me, and gave
them to the not good.
So with names, they could trick
and rope us to the not good.
A switch was pulled.
As though doing us a favor, they
took names from the not good
and placed them on the good.
They knew what they were doing.
They wanted to grab
those of us who are free
and make us eternal slaves.
Continuing on in the
gospel of Philip,
it says the rulers do not see
you who wear the perfect light,
and they cannot seize you.
You put on the light in
the mystery of union,
says the gospel of Philip.
So here, we are told
in the gospel of Philip
the reason why we want
to become perfect.
It's so that never again we'll
be enslaved by the archons.
No longer will our energy be
harvested by these beings.
We will be able to go
into the eternal realms.
Now, what we're asked
to consider from all
this is that there is a race of
beings on this planet that are
pulling the gears behind us.
They're creating a matrix
of fear on this planet,
and they have every one
of us in that matrix
and our harvesting
from our bodies
an energy or a vibration.
Who knows for sure what
they're doing with it,
but the Gnostic gospels maintain
that the only way for us
to escape this predicament
is to become perfect,
because if we're perfect,
the archons can't see us.
It's clear that this should give
us extra motivation, especially
at this time when there seems to
be a ramping up of this agenda
to keep a sense of fear and to
literally further enslave us.
Now is the time when
we've got to begin
absorbing this energy of
the purifying energies
and take ourselves
out of this system.
I think when we go back to
ancient Egypt and to Seti,
we get more clues about
how this was done,
and how we can bring
it into our bodies.
This is Seti here
with the Tet pillar.
He's handing the
Tet pillar to Isis.
Then he sets the pillar
upright-- remember,
this is a power pillar.
This is Seti standing
before that Tet pillar
with the symbols of new
clothes in his hand.
In other words,
he has the symbol
for the light body in his hand.
Remember, the Gnostics
maintain that there
was a switch that was pulled.
The good became the not good,
the not good became the good.
One of the other great switches
that was pulled, to me,
has to do with the
symbols that we use,
and one of the
key symbols that I
like to reference
in this regard here
is what we do with our
children on Easter morning.
We take them to church
on Easter morning,
before we take them to
church, we very often
will dress them in new clothes.
This tradition of putting
our children new clothes
or wearing new clothes
at Easter comes back here
from ancient Egypt,
when it was understood
that the new clothes
that we put on
are actually the
clothing woven of light
that is our light body.
Today it tells us when we
put our kids in new clothes,
it tells us exactly
how far we are away
from the original
conception of these ideas
and suggests that there was
indeed a switch that was made.
So here's Seti giving the
symbol of the new clothes
to the Tet pillar, receiving
the energy from it,
because once again
it is a power pillar.
And here it is set upright.
He became a fully
functioning human being.
He was able to
escape this matrix
by perfecting himself, and
then teleporting himself
into a better place.
I was in the Coptic
church in-- in
the Egyptian Christian
church in Aswan, Egypt,
and I took this photograph
of Jesus with the cross.
And I said wait a minute, look
at the way this is portrayed.
This looks like something I've
just seen just a moment ago.
When we go back over
here to Abydos with Seti,
we see Seti holding the
Tet pillar at an angle
and handing it to Isis.
This is Jesus carrying
the Cross at an angle,
and as I mentioned a moment
ago, numerous symbol books
will tell you that the
four cross arms of the Tet
pillar in Egypt became
the four cross bars
of the Christian cross.
But what Christianity
omitted in the big switch
was the technology
that was involved,
and how the cross
isn't something
a single guy carries and
dies for your sins and all
that whole story
that they concocted.
This is something you are
supposed to do for yourself.
You're supposed to activate
these latent capabilities
within your own body, carry
the cross, so to speak,
lift your energy, your
vibration, and that
will carry you across
and out of this realm.
There's no question to me
that Jesus was at Abydos
and learned the secrets of
transfiguration at that place,
and that's why this
symbolism matches.
But again, what is omitted
is the source here.
This is the big switch that
the Church made, giving you
a hollow teaching that
lets you mindlessly
follow a pope into literally
oblivion or further slavery
at the hands of what might be
a race of beings that certainly
do not have our best intentions,
or our highest good, in mind.
So over and again,
you see Jesus carrying
this instrument
that is presented
as an instrument of torture.
It wasn't that way at all.
This was an instrument
of divine energy.
It was the way in which
we can raise our frequency
and vibration and
become godlike beings.
So here we have Seti in
front of the Tet pillar,
and this is a depiction
of the crucifixion
that I've found that I thought
was strikingly similar.
Are both somewhat
phallic shape-looking,
both are golden, and chose
the man in the cross here.
This is actually a painting
by a painter named Manetti,
and what it shows is
the stigmatization
of Saint Catherine of Siena.
What's so amazing
about this painting
is that Saint Catherine received
the stigmata in beams of light
that came from this painting.
She linked her consciousness
with that painting,
and out of it came shooting
these rays of light
that enter her body and
cause the stigmata to occur.
That's a really
profound technology
that we're describing
there, because what
the ancients believed is that
artwork such as this and such
as what we see at Abydos
was capable of transmitting
to you directly exactly
what's in the painting.
When the icon makers made their
images of the transfiguration,
they used sayings, Gnostic
sayings, like the image
itself will show you the
way, enter through the image.
Because what they believed
is that images such as this,
images of power could
directly transmit to you
all of the energy that you
needed for your body, which
naturally knows how
to do all of this,
to start making it happen.
And this is what happened
with Saint Catherine.
She became devoted to this
painting mentally, physically,
spiritually, and
emotionally, and she
describes how these rays of
light came out of the painting
and entered into her body.
Absolutely incredible.
So I have a brief
meditation here.
If you'd like to share it,
you can close your eyes.
It'll help us to kind
of envision this,
bring it into your body.
So with your eyes
closed, let's once again
connect with our divine spark.
And now, envision within,
or behind your heart,
the image of the spiritual sun
and gather yourself into it,
and let your whole
mind and body be
filled with this
impeccable light presence.
And from within the sun in
your heart, see a ray of light
shoot forth and magically
appear in the space before you.
It's the image of the Risen One.
This figure's robe
is white brilliance,
and its body shines
like sunlight.
Now see, feel, or otherwise
experience this being's smile
upon you, and bless you.
And note that white
light, the white light
is actually brilliant,
translucent rainbow light.
And now envision this
being blessing you
as streams of light pouring
out of its heart upon you.
Make your body, your heart,
and your mind shine together,
brighter and brighter, like
the image in front of you.
And now open your
mind, heart, and life
completely to the loving
presence of this being that
has come out from within you,
making yourself completely
transparent before it.
And now shift your
awareness to a point
just above the top of your head,
and envision this divine image
of this light.
Imagine this divine light
being dissolving into a radiant
display of fluid light, pouring
down into you through the crown
center on the top of
your head and reappearing
in your own body of light.
And tune this elixir, tune
the essence of pure love.
And now see the being's
hands as hands of light,
and see it lay its hands on
you, reaching into your body
with its hands of light and
beaming healing light flowing
into your body.
Your body fills with
golden light, healing you.
This golden light is
within you and around you,
sealing you in the
divine presence.
And when this being
removes its hands,
listen to what the divine
presence instructs you to do.
Listen for a word or a
message, and give thanks.
And whenever you're
ready, open your eyes.